README.md, before:

# JConcluder

[The java version of concluder - The consistency-driven pairwise comparisons method (CDPC)](https://web.cs.laurentian.ca/wkoczkodaj/p/JACS_BSN2009.pdf)

[Download JConcluder](https://github.com/pathak-gaurav/jconcluder/releases/download/Treemap/jconcluder-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar)

>A simple tool for complex decision making.
The consistency-driven pairwise comparisons method (CDPC) is primarily for multi-criteria decision making. Pairwise comparisons have been used for projects of national importance (e.g., the use of nuclear power). This project was originally financed by the Ministry of Northern Ontario and Mines well as Euro Grant (Human Capital). It is a standalone system but could also be used with any expert or knowledge management system.

>Pairwise comparisons (PC) are basis for practically the entire science. Usually, we compare tangible quantities (such as distance or weight) to well established units (meter or kilogram) without even realizing that we use a pair (quantity, unit). PC approach also works objects and concepts where unit is not known (safety, satisfaction, curability, environment, etc.). 

[Web Version of Concluder](https://github.com/pathak-gaurav/jconcluder-web)

    Laurentian University
    Department of Mathematics and Computer Science
    Ramsey Lake Road Sudbury, Ontario
    Canada P3E 2C6
    wkoczkodaj@cs.laurentian.ca


![Java CI with Maven](https://github.com/pathak-gaurav/jconcluder/workflows/Java%20CI%20with%20Maven/badge.svg)

![JConcluder](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31382963/100374067-bdc0ec00-3031-11eb-9e12-035d572a1651.PNG)
![SystemConf](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31382963/100374073-bef21900-3031-11eb-8c27-04cb448b944a.PNG)

Commit message:

Project DEPRECATED
End of development and maintenance

README.md, after:

## DEPRECATED <former description>
  
This project has reached the end of its development as a pairwise comparisions project. Feel free to browse the code, but please use the latest development project [pairwise comparisons](https://github.com/pathak-gaurav/pairwise-comparision)
    
# JConcluder 

[The java version of concluder - The consistency-driven pairwise comparisons method (CDPC)](https://web.cs.laurentian.ca/wkoczkodaj/p/JACS_BSN2009.pdf)

[Download JConcluder](https://github.com/pathak-gaurav/jconcluder/releases/download/Treemap/jconcluder-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar)

>A simple tool for complex decision making.
The consistency-driven pairwise comparisons method (CDPC) is primarily for multi-criteria decision making. Pairwise comparisons have been used for projects of national importance (e.g., the use of nuclear power). This project was originally financed by the Ministry of Northern Ontario and Mines well as Euro Grant (Human Capital). It is a standalone system but could also be used with any expert or knowledge management system.

>Pairwise comparisons (PC) are basis for practically the entire science. Usually, we compare tangible quantities (such as distance or weight) to well established units (meter or kilogram) without even realizing that we use a pair (quantity, unit). PC approach also works objects and concepts where unit is not known (safety, satisfaction, curability, environment, etc.). 

[Web Version of Concluder](https://github.com/pathak-gaurav/jconcluder-web)

    Laurentian University
    Department of Mathematics and Computer Science
    Ramsey Lake Road Sudbury, Ontario
    Canada P3E 2C6
    wkoczkodaj@cs.laurentian.ca


![Java CI with Maven](https://github.com/pathak-gaurav/jconcluder/workflows/Java%20CI%20with%20Maven/badge.svg)

![JConcluder](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31382963/100374067-bdc0ec00-3031-11eb-9e12-035d572a1651.PNG)
![SystemConf](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31382963/100374073-bef21900-3031-11eb-8c27-04cb448b944a.PNG)
